DEVDOCS-3498: relativize local links (#1389)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/getting-started/best-practices.md

</div>

### Making requests with the Storefront Cart API 
Client-side applications should avoid polling the [Storefront Cart API](/api-reference/cart-checkout/storefront-cart-api) on interval. Hundreds of thousands of browsers could potentially poll the Storefront Cart API at any given time, causing a significant load increase to BigCommerce's servers. We may take action against a store using this practice to prevent interruptions in service to other stores.

> Consider subscribing to the [Cart Webhook](/api-docs/getting-started/webhooks/webhook-events#cart) via a server-side application as an alternative to polling the Storefront Cart API at an interval, and only query the Storefront Cart API as a response to user input. Storing cart information in the browser cache is also an alternative method for keeping cart information up to date across browser tabs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider subscribing to the [Cart Webhook](/api-docs/store-management/webhooks/webhook-events#cart) via a server-side application as an alternative to polling the Storefront Cart API at an interval, and only query the Storefront Cart API as a response to user input. Storing cart information in the browser cache is also an alternative method for keeping cart information up to date across browser tabs.

```
